OK.
So let's have a look at the date.
We used the date pope in order to play to date in a specified format so the pipe as a parameter will
receive a string as usual which basically present which in this case will basically represent a format
in which the date will be displayed.
We could have either our own custom pipes custom formats not because some pipes will talk about custom
pipes or but later.
So we can have our own custom formats of date by using some sort of symbols but we also have predefined
formats and usually these predefined formats are used.
But let me just go ahead and show you both the custom and predefined formats.
So we will only be a thing to slime and to be more precise.
We'll just be altering this part here.
So if we take a look at the site now you'll see it says a Sepehr 11 DC 19 Sep etc..
So eight of September 11th of December 19th of September and now we're going to go ahead and enact some
changes.
Let's go ahead and use some of the predefined pipes.
Let's go ahead and type in medium
medium.
OK.
Controllers.
Wait for it to reload.
And there you go.
The date format has changed.
So this is a medium is a predefined format for a time and date.
So it tells you like September 8 through 16 and then the time here in terms of a M at the moment in
terms of AM and PM the channel so use some of that.
There aren't a lot of them going to go ahead and show you all that I have all that I know we're all
that I have listed here so you have short
which is like this.
So you see nine slash slash 2016 etc..
Much better looking than the other one in terms of time anyway.
OK.
So medium and short will display both time and date.
And then you have the ones that are predefined only for date and only for time.
So Fool date
if we just reload it.
There you go.
So it says Thursday September 8th 2016 the day the month and which day of the month is it and the year
goes or have a short version or if you have a sure you have a full long medium and short.
So go for an Ethiopian long I'm just demoing the differences between the formats.
And there you go so September 8th 2016.
This plan doesn't display the name of the day.
So
medium
medium.
Here we go.
So it's Sep 8th 2016 but no time came from medium.
We got short
and again just a short version of the date numbers although no time for time we have medium time and
short time.
So we can just
I think there might be some other predefined piked but I've just taken these.
Feel free to check out the.
Feel free to consult the official documentation.
So 7 0 6 1 145 son Dean etc..
So this just shows the short version of time and you also have way medium.
Oh why do I keep telling this.
This is like the 100 time I've done this today.
The misspelling.
I don't know what's wrong with me.
So this is the medium time.
I've not much appreciative of this format at all.
Kind of confusing.
But anyway those would be the predefined values.
Now we can customize our own values.
Just go ahead and just write some pseudo code here.
So you have.
Why for example Y represents a year.
So you can have like two wise for a two digit year.
For example if it's 2016 it's just going to show 16 and you have Y Y Y Y which will present a 4 digit
year meaning that it will be like two thousand and 16 or 4 digits will be displayed.
And then you have m which represents a month you can have like M M which is the two digit months so
it will be like 0 0 9 instead of just 9 and won't be the ninth month it will be 0 9 for the month.
And you can also have like the deal represents a day.
So you can have Dee-Dee.
This will be a two digit day in a sense that it won't actually display the name of the day it will just
displayed the number of the day within the month.
You have h which represents a 24 hour format and H H is for a digit of the two digit of the hour that
were present two digits for each hour.
You have a lowercase h which represents a 12 hour for that
M for minutes M M would display two digit per minute.
So if it's for example one minute it's going to be 0 1 again so you can see that the logic pretty much
follows the same way as four seconds.
SS For two digit seconds you have.
You can also add a Eira presents am or pm depending on what time it actually is.
And you can also insert E which stands for the day of the week sic.
For example do three for three letter three letter a three letter shortcut for the name of the day or
E for four which is the full name of the other day.
So let's just go ahead and do a demo with this one.
Pretty sure you get the logic of this it's fairly simple.
Let's go ahead and type in like Y Y Y Y that we're going to type in dash dash d d colon colon.
SS OK.
My apologies it's not
it's h here.
Let me just.
There we go.
So just don't have a just don't have dash there.
On the could have it excellent So you see it now you've got the full date and then you have the full
time.
So just go ahead and create another demo in disregard just three how you can customize your format.
For example you can do it.
He can do koma and then you can for example do
and that it's going to be like the coma y y.
I don't know h it's going to be m s and at the end we will add a forward form.
OK so let's go ahead and just that other one here for three
control s because he can't have a day of the week which is represented by two by two letters.
OK so there he goes it says Tuesday.
Sunday Monday September 3.
And that is giving you the time.
And it's also stating It's 8:00 a.m. or p.m. at the end.
Anyway that's it as far as I'm concerned.
I'm pretty sure it is you all managed to figure this out to the fullest extent it's fairly simplistic.
Any questions feel free to post them.
I bid you farewell until the next Tauriel.